cloud: add limitations for TiDB Node Group (#20968)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-overview.md

- TiDB clusters with 4 vCPUs and 16 GiB of memory do not support the TiDB Node Group feature.
- By default, you can create up to five TiDB node groups for a TiDB Cloud Dedicated cluster. If you need more groups, contact [TiDB Cloud Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md). 
- Each TiDB node group must contain at least one TiDB node. While there is no limit to the number of nodes in a group, the total number of TiDB nodes in a TiDB Cloud Dedicated cluster must not exceed 150.

> - Backend-triggered auto statistics collection tasks cannot be isolated within individual TiDB Node Groups. These operations are always executed on the TiDB owner node, irrespective of Node Group boundaries.
> - For TiDB clusters running versions below 8.1.2, ADD INDEX tasks cannot be isolated within individual TiDB Node Groups. These operations will affect the entire cluster during execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- TiDB Cloud runs automatic statistics collection tasks on the TiDB owner node, regardless of node group boundaries. These tasks cannot be isolated within individual TiDB node groups.
- For TiDB clusters of versions earlier than v8.1.2, `ADD INDEX` tasks cannot be isolated within individual TiDB node groups. These tasks affect the entire cluster during execution.
```
